Q1) Java is a object oriented programming language and it's platform independent. javac and java are the commands used to run the program in command prompt. 
Javac is the compiler which is used to create a .class file or debugging the code..
Java command is used to run the compiled code.

Q2)JDK(Java Development Kit )is the development kit of java which helps the system in setting the environment and it contains both JVM and JRE with additional development tools like javadoc and other libraries
JRE(Java Runtime Environment) it is used only to execute the code compiled and it contains libraries classes and allocates memory for the code
JVM(Java Virtual Machine) It is virtual machine which helps in enabling the computer to run the program and helps in generating bytecode

Q3) Array is one of prominant feature of java which is used to give group of similar data at the same instant.
    If data in an array is called instead of displaying all data it will display only address because of multiple data present in the array to avoid this we need to call an loop.
	Once the array is declared it cannot either incremented or decremented
	
Q4)Class is nothing but a real-time entity which contains different objects, methods, constructors etc. It is a declairation or name for the set of instruction to perform certain operations
Object are the differne enitities of class or behaviour or actions of the main class for example if food is a class then Sweet, Sour, Spicy can be objects.


Q5) .java file is the extension of the java source code which contains the instructions to perform certain task.
.class is the generated bytecode file after compiling the the source code which is used to execute the java file another feature of java is it's platform independent hence the bytecode can execute on any device if it contains JVM

Q6)Method is one of the featre of java which contains actions of the given class. There are mainly two types of methods library methods and user-defined methods. Methods are set of code with a reference name. Using reference name we can call the method and use it.
Syntax:
public static void main(String [] args)
{
 sizeof(int)
 referenceName.length
}

Q7)Java is language used to speak with computer which is a object oriented programming language. It is robust in nature,platform independent, easy to understand.

Q8) Eclipse IDE
Intelij IDE
Microsoft Visual Studio Code

Q9) It is the storage unit which contains the data types.
 there are 2 types of variable local variable and class variable 


Q10) class,extend,int,byte,long,char,boolean,short,float,double,break,continue,switch,enum,abstract,final


Q11) Static variables are also known as class type variable 
Systac static datatype refename;


Q12) Data type is the allocation of memory based on the variable type. Based on the type of data assigning memory.
There are 2 types of Data types Primitive Data type and Non-Primitive Data type.
There are 8 primitive data types: byte,short,int,char,long,float,double and boolean.

Q13) It is operator used in calling used ddefined class with method and builtin methods.
Ex. refName.length

Q14) Features of Java 
*Object Oriented
*Robust
*Platform Independent
*Secure

Q15)

